there he was just a walking down the
street singing
[Music]
dad i'm embalming my high school teacher
don't sing that's my best friend
veda fuss vader and thomas
most of the girls don't appreciate her i
always surround myself with people who i
find
intellectually stimulating a lot of the
guys are a little afraid of her okay
lean forward
but she's more fun to be around than
anyone i know
this summer though things are changing
for everyone you ever kissed anyone
no
her father just found someone i'm going
out with shelley
i'm very nervous since the last time you
dated something happened
the sexual revolution good at kissing
and
dancing i'm very optimistic
and a grandmother just lost to marbles
it's quarter to three
no wonder vade is acting so funny what
we're gonna do is
send our vibes out into the group feel
my
aura i don't think i'm allowed to i'm
gonna marry mr bixler
you can't marry a teacher cause then
he'll give you all a's and won't be fair
dad likes her better than me
i'm running away going to hollywood to
live with the brady bunch
i want to live with them too no you
can't
they have enough kids you'll have to
live with the partridge family
they say sometimes when you get older
friends stop being friends
but not vader and me she'll always be
my girl from the producer of parenthood
columbia pictures presents dan aykroyd
jamie lee curtis macaulay culkin
and introducing anna klumsky vada
what'd you think of me for what
what if you don't get to marry mr bixler
i guess
[Music]
my girl
you